in infamous to my right the miss
lola bezerra
what is not that of serra I am re
tired of science cow the theater does not
they take the girls because when
there are usually many pretty girls in
cast really there is also like
competition that have the best tail
who has more lyrics more prominence
for now well we are not friends either
I do not talk a lot with the girls but I
I'm re in that sense bengoa 29 with me
the daughter I do my work from home
my friends are my friends from all the
life my friends from school and they are
coworkers and respect
and the girls arrive arriving two
tails of this funeral and keko the ones the
francese taking a juice that franzese
to gallardo
I want to take advantage to ask you
also lola of some statements that
they come back with the theme of juan martín del
foal I think it's that the bus or the
first thing that happened with us we want
know what you said that as a lover is a
good sportsman if I said that good was the
feeling that I had not
it was not a day it was a 6 because time
lasted the ratio of 16 months or so
comings and goings likewise neither traveled
I was coming back I did not see him that long
more than being every day rowed
a little more a little more everyone and everything
clear replied in ten grams for a 6
for now it means that there is a
open door of the relationship with
share or did not miss the contact me
I do not believe how is lola bezerra from 1 to 10
as rate
Brazilians in hot blood I do
I have to face my boyfriend in fact my
boyfriend who is now loving me towards the
front
hi how are you made hits to all the
short position
Actually, if you want, I'll show you
to how you
to feel things and good chat talk
comes and boyfriend is already with others
athletes like to know if in
This is why it is an evil of the
athletes who are not good lovers if
I sang it out with matias rossi but
well we are friends as to guys my
family works on the pc and I have nothing
to say about him more than are the friends
mutualists has seen as future not
never with any other botinera intrigue
know what the cops and raqueteras are like
for which it is noted that third
seat